improve AAI and RUCIO user docs (#21)
vre-hub/vre-hub.github.io: docs/rucio.md

| _Rucio Storage Element (site-technology)_ | Location |
| ------------ | ----------- |
| **CC_DCACHE**  | Centre de Calcul, (IN2P3), Lyon, FR    |
| **CERN-EOSPILOT**  | European Organization for Nuclear Research, Meyrin, CH  |
| **CNAF-STORM**  |  Istituto Nazionale di Fisica Nucleare, Bologna, IT |
| **DESY-DCACHE**  | Deutsches Elektronen-Synchrotron, Hamburg, DE |
| **IN2P3_LAPP-DCACHE**  | Laboratoire d'Annecy de Physique des Particules (CNRS/IN2P3), Annecy, FR |
| **INFN_NAPOLI-DCACHE**  | Istituto Nazionale di Fisica Nucleare, Napoli, IT |
| **PIC-DCACHE**  |  Port d’Informació Científica, Barcelona, ES |
| **CESNET-S3**  |  Czech Education and Scientific NETwork, Prague, CZ  | 

![image](../static/img/rses.png)

## Interacting with the Rucio Data Lake

> This guide takes a look at how to interact with the Rucio instance in two different ways. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section describes how to interact with the Rucio instance in two different ways. 
```

1. Installing the required packages on your local machine.
2. Using a Docker container. Docker technologies mitigate dependency and platform specific issues, and are therefore recommended; however, if you want to upload large data that are present on your system, you will need to copy them inside the Docker container, and then upload them on the Rucio Data Lake. This might be cumbersome, especially if you are dealing with large files.

> In any case, you will have to set up a configuration file to tell Rucio who you are, specifying an authentication method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, you will have to setup a Rucio configuration file that includes among others the user's identity and authentication method.
```

### The `rucio.cfg` configuration file

> In general, there are two main ways to authenticate to the Rucio instance: via X.509 certificates and via OIDC tokens. These two ways require setting up a `rucio.cfg` file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, there are two main ways to authenticate to the Rucio instance: X.509 certificates and OIDC tokens. These two ways require setting up a `rucio.cfg` file. 
```

lfn2pfn_algorithm_default = hash 
```

:::warning[info]
ESCAPE OIDC tokens have a lifetime of 2 hours. Whether you identify for the first time or every time your rucio session has expired, click on the link shown after typing `rucio whoami`, and follow it to get identified towards the ESCAPE IAM service.
::: 

```yaml
# Rucio response when login using OIDC tokens

> $ rucio whoami

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

The X.509 usercert and userkey are usually placed in the `.globus/` directory. Visit the [AAI](auth.md#extract-the-usercertpem-and-userkeypem-from-the-p12-file) section to check how to obtain an usercert and an userkey from a X.509 certificate.
When using X.509 proxy authentication you must run a `voms-proxy-init` command to create proxy file before running `rucio whoami` command.

```bash
voms-proxy-init --cert ~/.globus/usercert.pem --key ~/.globus/userkey.pem --voms escape --out /tmp/x509up_u0
```

:::tip
You can use the `--out` argument to change the destination and the output filename of the proxy if needed.
:::

```yaml
# Example of rucio.cfg using X.509 proxy auth

[client]
rucio_host = https://vre-rucio.cern.ch
auth_host = https://vre-rucio-auth.cern.ch
ca_cert = /etc/pki/tls/certs/CERN-bundle.pem
account = <MY_RUCIO_ACCOUNT>
auth_type = x509_proxy
client_x509_proxy = /tmp/x509up_u0 #(or check where the voms-proxy-init command saves the proxy file!)

[policy]
permission = escape 
schema = escape  
lfn2pfn_algorithm_default = hash 
support = https://github.com/rucio/rucio/issues/
support_rucio = https://github.com/rucio/rucio/issues/
```

### 1. Manual installation

> We suggest to follow these steps in a fresh virtual environment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend to follow these steps in a fresh virtual environment. 
```

Install the Rucio client via pip:

```python
pip install rucio-clients==<VERSION>
# or
python -m pip install rucio-clients==<VERSION>
```

> Use the version depicted on the following badge **without** the `release-` prefix ![Dynamic YAML Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/dynamic/yaml?url=https%3A%2F%2Fraw.githubusercontent.com%2Fvre-hub%2Fvre%2Frefs%2Fheads%2Fmain%2Finfrastructure%2Fcluster%2Fflux%2Frucio%2Frucio-servers.yaml&query=spec.values.image.tag&label=rucio-clients%20version).

Reviewer: I would say something like "Please rely on the version indicated on the badge at the top of the page.", without putting too many badges around.
